Added individual pages for each data type. (#543)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/data-types/data-types.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Number](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/number) | Includes `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. |

> | [String](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/string) | Sequences of characters surrounded by single quotes (''), double quotes (""), and/or backticks (` `` `), depending on the language. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [String](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/string) | Sequences of characters surrounded by single quotes (`''`), double quotes (`""`), and/or backticks (` `` `), depending on the language. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
```

| [Boolean](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/boolean) | Holds a logical value of `true` or `false`. |

## Composite Data Types

> While primitive types are the building blocks, composite data types are the building. They are composed of multiple primitive data types, sometimes referred to as members, elements, or items. These items can all be of one uniform data type or be a mix of different ones. The follow are examples of well known composite types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Primitive types are the building blocks for composite data types. Composite data types can be composed of multiple of the same or different primitive data types, sometimes referred to as members, elements, or items. The following are examples of well known composite types:
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | [Array](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/array) | Collections of values that are accessed at a specific numbered index, which usually start at 0, then 1, and so on. Nested arrays (arrays within arrays) are also possible. Referred to as lists in some languages. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Array](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/array) | Collections of values that are accessed at a specific numbered index, which usually start at `0`, then `1`, and so on. Nested arrays (arrays within arrays) are also possible. They are referred to as lists in some languages. |
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | [Number](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/number) | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. |

Reviewer 2: For these table rows, I recommend changing the text in the "Description" column to _**not**_ begin with the same word(s) as the word(s) in the previous "Data Type" column. For example, in this line, we should change this to:

```
| [Number](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/number) | Includes `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. |
```

or this:

```
| [String](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/string) | Sequences of characters surrounded by single quotes (''), double quotes (""), and/or backticks (\`\`), depending on the language. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
```

This also helps our workaround by making the markdown tables look and act more like terms tables

Reviewer 2: Can we make this change for all the markdown tables in this file?

Author: Changed it. But Im not sure what to do for boolean and array.

Author: @Dusch4593 ^^

> | [String](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/string) | Strings are sequences of characters. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |

Author: Think we should add (<code>``</code>) to this?

Reviewer 2: You mean mention backticks? Sure! Maybe something like this:

```
Strings are sequences of characters surrounded by single quotes (''), double quotes (""), and/or backticks (``), depending on the language. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"`
```

Author: Exactly

Author: @Dusch4593 can I use HTML in the `.md` file. That's the only way (that I know of) to format the backticks.

Reviewer 2: What about putting a forward slash in front of each one? 

\` like this? \`

Author: Didn't know I can do that. I was going to use the `<code>` tag.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I would recommend using the backslash for two reasons:

* Keep it all Markdown.
* Your most recent change, I worry, might end up not translating correctly if this file is ultimately minified in some way (which will get rid of your whitespace and leave us with 4 backticks in a row.).

> | [String](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/string) | Strings are collections of characters text. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| [String](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/string) | Strings are sequences of characters. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
```

> | Number | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. Learn more [here](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/number) |
> | String | Strings are collections of characters text. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` Learn more [here](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/string) |
> | Boolean | Booleans hold a `true` or `false` value. Learn more [here](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/boolean) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Number](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/number) | Numbers include `-1`, `0`, `1`, and so on. Depending on the language, numbers with decimals are of a different type. |
| [String](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/string) | Strings are collections of characters text. Depending on the language, single quotes (`''`) or double quotes (`""`) can be used. For example: `"Codecademy is awesome! 🖥️⌨️"` |
| [Boolean](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/boolean) | Booleans hold a `true` or `false` value. |
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Data Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [Array](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/array) | Arrays (or lists, depending on the language) are collections of values. Their values are zero-indexed (they start at 0, then 1, and so on) and are usually accessed at a specified index. Nested arrays (arrays within arrays) are also possible. |

> | [Object](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/object) | Objects are groups of related data that are usually organized as property-value pairs. Learn more |

Author: @KTom101  We use to have a `learn more` link but Dusch4593 changed it to the name of the data type.

> | [Object](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/object) | Objects are groups of related data that are usually organized as property-value pairs. Learn more |

Reviewer 2: I think I meant to delete that text ("Learn more") when I made that change. 🤭

> | [Object](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/object) | Objects are groups of related data that are usually organized as property-value pairs. Learn more |

Author: @Dusch4593 Yea. I fixed it.

> | Array | Arrays (or lists, depending on the language) are collections of values. Their values are zero-indexed (they start at 0, then 1, and so on) and are usually accessed at a specified index. Nested arrays (arrays within arrays) are also possible. Learn more [here](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/array) |
> | Object | Objects are groups of related data that are usually organized as property-value pairs. Learn more [here](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/object) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Array](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/array) | Arrays (or lists, depending on the language) are collections of values. Their values are zero-indexed (they start at 0, then 1, and so on) and are usually accessed at a specified index. Nested arrays (arrays within arrays) are also possible. |
| [Object](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/object) | Objects are groups of related data that are usually organized as property-value pairs. Learn more |
```

| --- | --- |
| Null | `null` or `nil` represents the absence of a value. |
| Undefined | Undefined represents a value that has not yet been defined. |

> | Function | Depending on the language, functions can be utilized as variables and arguments for other functions. Learn more [number](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/function) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/function) | Depending on the language, functions can be utilized as variables and arguments for other functions. |
```
